1) What is the Collection framework in Java?
Collection Framework is a combination of classes and interface, which is used to store and manipulate the data in the form of objects. 
It provides various classes such as ArrayList, Vector, Stack, and HashSet, etc. and interfaces such as List, Queue, Set, etc. for this purpose.


2) What are the main differences between array and collection?
Array and Collection are somewhat similar regarding storing the references of objects and manipulating the data, but they differ in many ways. 
The main differences between the array and Collection are defined below:

Arrays are always of fixed size, i.e., a user can not increase or decrease the length of the array according to their requirement or at runtime,
but In Collection, size can be changed dynamically as per need.
Arrays can only store homogeneous or similar type objects, but in Collection, heterogeneous objects can be stored.
Arrays cannot provide the ?ready-made? methods for user requirements as sorting, searching, etc. but Collection includes readymade methods to use.


3) Explain various interfaces used in Collection framework?
Collection framework implements various interfaces, Collection interface and Map interface (java.util.Map) are the mainly used interfaces of Java Collection Framework. List of interfaces of Collection Framework is given below:

1. Collection interface: Collection (java.util.Collection) is the primary interface, and every collection must implement this interface.
Syntax:
public interface Collection<E>extends Iterable  
Where <E> represents that this interface is of Generic type

2. List interface: List interface extends the Collection interface, and it is an ordered collection of objects. It contains duplicate elements.
It also allows random access of elements.
Syntax:
public interface List<E> extends Collection<E>  

3. Set interface: Set (java.util.Set) interface is a collection which cannot contain duplicate elements. It can only include inherited methods of Collectioninterface
Syntax:
public interface Set<E> extends Collection<E>  
Queue interface: Queue (java.util.Queue) interface defines queue data structure, which stores the elements in the form FIFO (first in first out).
Syntax:
public interface Queue<E> extends Collection<E>  

4. Dequeue interface: it is a double-ended-queue. It allows the insertion and removal of elements from both ends. It implants the properties of both Stack
and queue so it can perform LIFO (Last in first out) stack and FIFO (first in first out) queue, operations.
Syntax:
public interface Dequeue<E> extends Queue<E>  
5. Map interface: A Map (java.util.Map) represents a key, value pair storage of elements. Map interface does not implement the Collection interface. 
It can only contain a unique key but can have duplicate elements. There are two interfaces which implement Map in java that are Map interface and Sorted Map.


4) What is the difference between ArrayList and Vector?
            ArrayList	                                                                              Vector
1)	ArrayList is not synchronized.                             	                           Vector is synchronized.
2)	ArrayList is not a legacy class.                                                	    Vector is a legacy class.
3)	ArrayList increases its size by 50% of the array size.               	                 Vector increases its size by doubling the array size.
4)	ArrayList is not ?thread-safe? as it is not synchronized.                           	Vector list is ?thread-safe? as it?s every method is synchronized.


5) What is the difference between List and Set?
The List and Set both extend the collection interface. However, there are some differences between the both which are listed below.
The List can contain duplicate elements whereas Set includes unique items.
The List is an ordered collection which maintains the insertion order whereas Set is an unordered collection which does not preserve the insertion order.
The List interface contains a single legacy class which is Vector class whereas Set interface does not have any legacy class.
The List interface can allow n number of null values whereas Set interface only allows a single null value.
