Question 1: Explain different types of networks.
ANSWER:
Below are few types of networks:
PAN (Personal Area Network):	Let devices connect and communicate over the range of a person. E.g. connecting Bluetooth devices.
LAN (Local Area Network):	It is a privately owned network that operates within and nearby a single building like a home, office, or factory
MAN (Metropolitan Area Network):	It connects and covers the whole city. E.g. TV Cable connection over the city
WAN (Wide Area Network):	It spans a large geographical area, often a country or continent. The Internet is the largest WAN
GAN (Global Area Network):	It is also known as the Internet which connects the globe using satellites. The Internet is also called the Network of WANs.


QUESTION 2: Explain LAN (Local Area Network)
LANs are widely used to connect computers/laptops and consumer electronics which enables them to share resources (e.g., printers, fax machines) and exchange information.
When LANs are used by companies or organizations, they are called enterprise networks. There are two different types of LAN networks i.e. wireless LAN 
(no wires involved achieved using Wi-Fi) and wired LAN (achieved using LAN cable). 
Wireless LANs are very popular these days for places where installing wire is difficult. The below diagrams explain both wireless and wired LAN.


QUESTION 3: Tell something about VPN (Virtual Private Network)
ANSWER:
VPN or the Virtual Private Network is a private WAN (Wide Area Network) built on the internet. It allows the creation of a secured tunnel (protected network) between 
different networks using the internet (public network). By using the VPN, a client can connect to the organization’s network remotely.


QUESTION 4: What are the advantages of using a VPN?
ANSWER:
Below are few advantages of using VPN:

VPN is used to connect offices in different geographical locations remotely and is cheaper when compared to WAN connections.
VPN is used for secure transactions and confidential data transfer between multiple offices located in different geographical locations.
VPN keeps an organization’s information secured against any potential threats or intrusions by using virtualization.
VPN encrypts the internet traffic and disguises the online identity.


QUESTION 5: What are the different types of VPN?
ANSWER:
Few types of VPN are:

Access VPN: Access VPN is used to provide connectivity to remote mobile users and telecommuters. It serves as an alternative to dial-up connections 
or ISDN (Integrated Services Digital Network) connections. It is a low-cost solution and provides a wide range of connectivity.
Site-to-Site VPN: A Site-to-Site or Router-to-Router VPN is commonly used in large companies having branches in different locations to connect the network of one
office to another in different locations. 

There are 2 sub-categories as mentioned below:
Intranet VPN: Intranet VPN is useful for connecting remote offices in different geographical locations using shared infrastructure (internet connectivity and servers) 
with the same accessibility policies as a private WAN (wide area network).
Extranet VPN: Extranet VPN uses shared infrastructure over an intranet, suppliers, customers, partners, and other entities and connects them using dedicated 
connections.
