Question 1: Explain different languages present in DBMS.
Answer:
Following are various languages present in DBMS:

1. DDL(Data Definition Language):  It contains commands which are required to define the database.
E.g., CREATE, ALTER, DROP, TRUNCATE, RENAME, etc.
2. DML(Data Manipulation Language): It contains commands which are required to manipulate the data present in the database.
E.g., SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT, DELETE, etc.
3. DCL(Data Control Language):  It contains commands which are required to deal with the user permissions and controls of the database system.
E.g., GRANT and REVOKE.
4. TCL(Transaction Control Language):  It contains commands which are required to deal with the transaction of the database.
E.g., COMMIT, ROLLBACK, and SAVEPOINT.


Question 2: What is meant by ACID properties in DBMS?
Answer:
ACID stands for Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, and Durability in a DBMS these are those properties that ensure a safe and 
secure way of sharing data among multiple users.

1. Atomicity: This property reflects the concept of either executing the whole query or executing nothing at all,
which implies that if an update occurs in a database then that update should either be reflected in the whole database or should not be reflected at all.

2. Consistency: This property ensures that the data remains consistent before and after a transaction in a database.

3. Isolation: This property ensures that each transaction is occurring independently of the others. 
This implies that the state of an ongoing transaction doesn’t affect the state of another ongoing transaction.

4. Durability: This property ensures that the data is not lost in cases of a system failure or restart and is present in the same state 
as it was before the system failure or restart.


Question 3: Are NULL values in a database the same as that of blank space or zero?
Answer:
No, a NULL value is very different from that of zero and blank space as it represents a value that is assigned, unknown, unavailable,
or not applicable as compared to blank space which represents a character and zero represents a number.

Example: NULL value in “number_of_courses” taken by a student represents that its value is unknown whereas 0 in it means that the student hasn’t taken any courses.


Question 4: Explain the terms Entity, Entity Type, and Entity Set in DBMS.
Answer:
1.Entity: An entity is defined as a real-world object having attributes that represent characteristics of that particular object. 
For example, a student, an employee, or a teacher represents an entity.
2.Entity Type: An entity type is defined as a collection of entities that have the same attributes.
One or more related tables in a database represent an entity type. Entity type or attributes can be understood as a characteristic which uniquely identifies the entity.
For example, a student represents an entity that has attributes such as student_id, student_name, etc.
3.Entity Set: An entity set can be defined as a set of all the entities present in a specific entity type in a database. 
For example, a set of all the students, employees, teachers, etc. represent an entity set


Question 5: What is meant by an entity-relationship (E-R) model?
Answer:
An entity-relationship model is a diagrammatic approach to a database design where real-world objects are represented as entities 
and relationships between them are mentioned.
