1. What are the different levels of abstraction in the DBMS?
Answer:
There are three levels of data abstraction in DBMS. They are:
Physical Level: It is the lowest level of abstraction and describes how the data is stored.
Logical Level: This is the next level of abstraction after the Physical level. This layer determines what data is stored in the database, and what is the relationship between the data points.
View Level: The View Level is the highest level of abstraction and it describes only a part of the entire database.


2. What is an entity-relationship model?
Answer:
It is a diagrammatic approach to database design, where you represent real-world objects as entities and mention relationships between them.
This approach helps the team of DBAs’ to understand the schema easily.


3. What are relationships and mention different types of relationships in the DBMS
 Answer:
A relationship in DBMS is the scenario where two entities are related to each other. In such a scenario, the table consisting of foreign key references
to that of a primary key of the other table.

The different types of relationships in DBMS are as follows:

One-to-One Relationship –  Used when a single row in Table A is related to a single row in Table B.
One-to-Many Relationship – Used when a single row in Table A is related to many rows in table B.
Many-to-Many Relationship – Used when many rows in table A can be related to many rows in table B.
Self -Referencing Relationship – Used when a record in table A is related to the same table itself.


4. What is normalization and what are the different types of normalization?
Answer:
The process of organizing data to avoid any duplication of data and redundancy is known as Normalization. 
There are many successive levels of normalization which are known as normal forms. Each consecutive normal form depends on the previous one.
The following are the first three normal forms. Apart from these, you have higher normal forms such as BCNF. 

First Normal Form (1NF) – No repeating groups within rows
Second Normal Form (2NF) – Every non-key (supporting) column value is dependent on the whole primary key.
Third Normal Form (3NF) – Dependent solely on the primary key and no other non-key (supporting) column value.


5. What do you understand by correlated subqueries in DBMS?
Answer:
A correlated subquery is also a sort of subquery reliant on another query. So, when subqueries are executed for each of the rows of outer queries,
then they are termed as correlated subqueries. Each subquery is executed a single time for every row of the outer query.

We can also understand correlated subqueries as those queries, which are used for row-by-row processing by the parent statement. 
Here, the parent statement can be SELECT, UPDATE or DELETE statement.
