Q1.  What is Linked List?
Ans: Linked Lists, like arrays, are linear data structures. Unlike arrays, linked list elements are not stored in a single location; instead, pointers are used to connect the elements.

Q2.   How many types of Linked List exist?
Ans: There are multiple types of Linked Lists available:
          Singly Linked List
          Doubly Linked List
          Multiply Linked List
          Circular Linked List
          
Q3.  Explain Singly Linked List in short.
Ans: The singly linked list includes nodes which contain a data field and next field. The next field further points to the next node in the line of nodes.
      In other words, the nodes in singly linked lists contain a pointer to the next node in the list. We can perform operations like insertion, deletion, and traversal in singly linked lists.
      A singly linked list is shown below whose nodes contain two fields: an integer value and a pointer value (a link to the next node).
      
Q4.  What do you understand by Doubly Linked List?
Ans: The doubly linked list includes a pointer (link) to the next node as well as to the previous node in the list. The two links between the nodes may be called "forward" and "backward, "or
     "next" and "prev (previous)." A doubly linked list is shown below whose nodes consist of three fields: an integer value, a link that points to the next node, and a link that points to the previous node.
     
Q5.  How will you explain Circular Linked List?
Ans: In the last node of a linked list, the link field often contains a null reference. Instead of including a null pointer at the end of the list, the last node in circular linked lists includes a 
     pointer pointing to the first node. In such cases, the list is said to be ?circularly linked? otherwise it is said to be 'open' or 'linear.' A circular linked list is that type of list where the last 
     pointer points or contains the address of the first node.

Q6.  Which type of memory allocation is referred for Linked List?
Ans: Dynamic memory allocation is referred for Linked List

Q7.  How can you insert a node to the beginning of a singly linked list?
Ans: To insert the node to the beginning of the list, we need to follow these steps:
          Create a new node
          Insert new node by assigning the head pointer to the new node's next pointer
          Update the head pointer to point the new node
          
Q8.  Differentiate between singly and doubly linked lists?
Ans: Doubly linked list nodes consist of three fields: an integer value and two links pointing to two other nodes (one to the last node and another to the next node).
     On the other hand, a singly linked list consists of a link which points only to the next node.
     
Q9.  What do you know about traversal in linked lists?
Ans: The term 'traversal' refers to the operation of processing each element present in the list.

Q10. What does the dummy header in the linked list contain?
Ans: In a linked list, the dummy header consists of the first record of the actual data.
Footer
