1. What is method overriding?
Ans : Modifying a super class method in the sub class is called method overriding. Using method overriding, we can change super class method according to the requirements of sub class.

2. What are the rules to be followed while overriding a method?
Ans : There are 5 main rules you should kept in mind while overriding a method. They are,

              a) Name of the method must be same as that of super class method.
              b) Return type of overridden method must be compatible with the method being overridden. i.e if a method has primitive type as it’s return type then it must be overridden with primitive type only and if a method has 
                 derived type as it’s return type then it must be overridden with same type or it’s sub class types.
              c) You must not reduce the visibility of a method while overriding.
              d) You must not change parameter list of a method while overriding.
              e) You can not increase the scope of exceptions while overriding a method with throws clause.
              
3. Can we override static methods?
Ans : No, Static methods can not be overridden. If we try to override them they will be hidden in the sub class.

4. What happens if we change the arguments of overriding method?
Ans : If we change the arguments of overriding method, then that method will be treated as overloaded not overridden.

5. Can we override protected method of super class as public method in the sub class?
Ans : Yes. You can increase the visibility of overriding methods but can’t reduce it.

6. Can we change the return type of overriding method from Number type to Integer type?
Ans : Yes. You can change as Integer is a sub class of Number type.

7. Can we override a super class method without throws clause as a method with throws clause in the sub class?
Ans : Yes, but only with unchecked type of exceptions.

8. Can we change an exception of a method with throws clause from SQLException to NumberFormatException while overriding it?
Ans : Yes. Overridden method may throw SQLException or it’s sub class exception or any unchecked type of exceptions.

9. Can we change an exception of a method with throws clause from unchecked to checked while overriding it?
Ans : No. We can’t change an exception of a method with throws clause from unchecked to checked.

10. How do you refer super class version of overridden method in the sub class?
Ans : Uing super keyword, we can refer super class version of overridden method in the sub class.
