1. What is NoSQL?
NoSQL encompasses a wide variety of different database technologies that were developed in response to a rise in the volume of data stored about users,
objects and products. The frequency in which this data is accessed, and performance and processing needs. Relational databases, on the other hand, were not designed to 
cope with the scale and agility challenges that face modern applications, nor were they built to take advantage of the cheap storage and processing power available today.


2. What are the features of NoSQL?
When compared to relational databases, NoSQL databases are more scalable and provide superior performance, and their data model addresses several issues that the 
relational model is not designed to address:

Large volumes of structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data
Agile sprints, quick iteration, and frequent code pushes
Object-oriented programming that is easy to use and flexible
Efficient, scale-out architecture instead of expensive, monolithic architecture


3. How does NoSQL DB budget memory?
The Replication Node manages the data in a NoSQL DB store and is the main consumer of memory. The Java heap and cache size used by the Replication Node can be 
important performance factors. By default, the Replication Node heap and cache are calculated by NoSQL DB based on the amount of memory available to the Storage Node.


4. Does NoSQL Database Interact With Oracle Database?
NoSQL Database supports retrieving records through the Oracle Database External Table functions. This makes it possible to perform some queries from Oracle Database
and retrieve records from NoSQL Database.

5. When should I use a NoSQL database instead of a relational database?
A relational database enforces ACID. So, we will have schema based transaction oriented data stores. It’s proven and suitable for 99% of the real world applications.
We can practically do anything with relational databases.But, there are limitations on speed and scaling when it comes to massive high availability data stores.
