Question 1: What is Batch Processing OS ?

Answer: In Batch Processing OS, operator collects th job from programmmers and seperate them on the basis of jobs, hence makes batches of similar types of jobs. 


Question 2: Give main advantage of Batch Processing OS ?

Answer: Increased Performance : It is possible to start a new job, as soon as previous job gets executed.


Question 3: Give main disadvantage of Batch Processing OS ? 

Answer: Larger Turn Around Time.
Job can enter infinite loop.


Question 4: What is Spooling ?

Answer: Spooling refers to Simultaneous Peripheral Operations Online. It is the process of putting jobs in a buffer ( special area of memory ),
where a device can access them when it is ready. 


Question 5: Why Spooling is useful ?

Answer: We know that different devices access data at different rates. Buffer provides a waiting station where data can rest while slow devices catch up.


Question 6: Explain the process of Multi-programming ?

A. When two or more programs are in memory at the same time, sharing the processor, is referred to as Multiprogramming. 
It increases CPU utilization by organizing jobs. Multiprogramming system provides an environment where various system resources are utilized efficiently. 


Question 7: Give main disadvantage of Multi-programming Systems ? 

A. 1. Memory Management is required.
2. CPU Scheduling is required.


Question 8: What are Multi Tasking OS ?

Answer : In multitasking os, multiple program can be at running state at same time. OS determines which applications should run in what order.


Question 9: What do you understand by term, ” Time Sharing ” ?

A. Time Sharing is a technique which enables many people, located at various terminals, to use a particular system at the same time.


Question 10: Explain real time operating system ?

Answer: A real-time operating system is an operating system intended to serve real-time applications that process data as it comes in, typically without buffer delays.

They are of two types : 
Hard RTOS – restrictive
Soft RTOS – less restrictive
