1. What is RAID structure in OS?
ANSWERS:
RAID (Redundant Arrays of Independent Disks) is a method used to store data on Multiple hard disks therefore it is considered as data storage virtualization
technology that combines multiple hard disks. It simply balances data protection, system performance, storage space, etc. It is used to improve the overall 
performance and reliability of data storage. It also increases the storage capacity of the system and its main purpose is to achieve data redundancy to reduce data loss.


2. What are the different levels of RAID configuration?
ANSWERS:
Different levels of RAID

Nowadays, RAID is available in various schemes or RAID level as given below:
RAID 0 - Non-redundant striping: This level is used to increase the performance of the server.
RAID 1 - Mirroring and duplexing: This level is also known as disk mirroring and is considered the simplest way to implement fault tolerance.
RAID 2 - Memory-style error-correcting codes: This level generally uses dedicated hamming code parity I.e., a liner form of error correction code.
RAID 3 - Bit-interleaved Parity: This level requires a dedicated parity drive to store parity information.
RAID 4 - Block-interleaved Parity: This level is similar to RAID 5 but the only difference is that this level confines all parity data to a single drive.
RAID 5 - Block-interleaved distributed Parity: This level provides far better performance than disk mirroring and fault tolerance.
RAID 6 - P+Q Redundancy: This level generally provides fault tolerance for two drive failures.


3. What is GUI?
ANSWERS:
GUI (Graphical User Interface) is basically a type of user interface that allows users to use graphics to interact with OS.
GUI is created because it is more user-friendly, less complex, and easier to understand rather than a command-line interface.
Its main goal is to increase efficiency and ease of use. Instead of having to memorize commands, users can just click on a button to simply execute the procedure.
Examples of GUI include Microsoft Windows, macOS, Apple’s iOS, etc.


4. What is a Pipe and when it is used?
ANSWERS:
The pipe is generally a connection among two or more processes that are interrelated to each other. It is a mechanism that is used for inter-process communication
using message passing.  One can easily send information such as the output of one program process to another program process using a pipe. It can be used when two
processes want to communicate one-way i.e., inter-process communication (IPC).

5. What are the different kinds of operations that are possible on semaphore?
ANSWERS:
There are basically two atomic operations that are possible:
Wait()
Signal()
