1. What is meant by Process Scheduling?
Answer:
Multiprogramming is a technique through which a CPU can execute multiple jobs thereby increasing CPU utilization. This is generally done by keeping multiple jobs 
in the memory and then using some scheduling algorithm to decide which job is picked when.
Process Scheduling is what allows an OS to do multiprogramming. The OS maintains different queues for the different process states (Start, Ready, Running, Waiting, etc).
The OS Scheduler moves the processes from one queue to another based on different scheduling algorithms.


2. What is meant by Long-term Scheduler (Job Scheduler)?
Answer:
The Long-term Scheduler controls the degree of multiprogramming by bringing processes into the 'Ready Queue'. It moves a process from the 'New' state to the 'Ready' 
state.
The Long-term Scheduler decides which processes to add to the queue by making careful selections between CPU-bound processes and I/O-bound processes to maintain a
balance.
Modern Operating Systems don't have Long-term Schedulers.


3. What is meant by Short-term Scheduler (CPU Scheduler)?
Answer:
The Short-term Scheduler moves a process from the 'Ready' state to the 'Running' state. It moves the process from the 'Ready Queue' and gives it to the CPU for 
processing using a dispatcher. It tries to maximize CPU utilization and increase system performance.
Short-term Schedulers take scheduling decisions very frequently and very fast compared to Long-term and Medium-term schedulers.


4. What is meant by Medium-term Scheduler (Process Swapping Scheduler)?
Answer:
The Medium-term Scheduler does the job of swapping in and out a process from main memory to secondary memory (like disk space). It does so to make the memory available 
for other processes. It swaps out processes that are inactive for some time or processes that take up a lot of memory or processes that have low priority. 
It swaps the process in when memory is available or when the process has been unblocked, etc.
Medium-term Schedulers take scheduling decisions more frequently and faster compared to Long-term schedulers.
Medium-term Schedulers do the job of a Long-term Scheduler as well in Modern Operating Systems.


5. What is Preemptive and Non-Preemptive Scheduling?
Answer:
Preemption is the act of temporarily interrupting an executing task with an intention to resume it later. This is done by schedulers through context switching.
There are different scheduling algorithms with them being either preemptive or non-preemptive.
Preemptive scheduling algorithms preempt a low priority process with a high priority process based on some criteria.
Non-preemptive scheduling algorithms don't preempt a process after the process enters the 'Running' state.
